Role & Context
You are a senior full-stack engineer. Please help me build a mobile-first Web App from scratch called "智能错题本" (Smart Error Book).
This app will have NO backend server initially. It will rely entirely on the frontend and the browser's local storage to achieve a zero-cost MVP.
CRITICAL REQUIREMENT: The entire User Interface (UI), including all buttons, placeholders, alerts, and text, MUST be strictly in Simplified Chinese.

Tech Stack

Frontend Framework: React + TypeScript + Vite

Styling: Tailwind CSS (ensure a beautiful, responsive mobile layout)

Routing: React Router

Local Database: Dexie.js (wrapper for IndexedDB for structured local storage)

Charting Library: ECharts (for rendering the knowledge graph)

Export Tool: html-to-image (for exporting the summary and graph as a local PNG image)

AI API: Google Gemini API (use the gemini-1.5-flash model)

Core Architecture Requirements (Future-proofing for Cloud Migration)

Global UUIDs: All data primary keys (IDs) MUST use UUID v4. Never use auto-incrementing integers.

Data Service Isolation: Create a dedicated db.ts or services/ directory to encapsulate all Dexie.js CRUD operations. Do not write direct database logic inside UI components.

Image Storage: Images uploaded or captured by the user must be converted to Base64 strings and stored locally in IndexedDB.

Database Models (Dexie.js Schema)
Define the following two core tables:

directories: id (UUID), name (string), parentId (UUID, null for root), createdAt (timestamp). Support up to 3 levels of hierarchy.

questions: id (UUID), directoryId (UUID), imageBase64 (string), analysisJson (string, stores the parsed JSON from AI), createdAt (timestamp).

Core Features

Image Upload: Support taking photos via the mobile camera or uploading from the gallery.

AI Smart Parsing: Upon image upload, call the Gemini 1.5 Flash API for OCR and logical parsing.

Directory Management: Users can create, rename, and delete directories (up to 3 levels). Parsed questions are saved to specific directories and displayed chronologically.

Knowledge Graph & Summary: Inside a directory, users can multi-select or "select all" questions. Extract the knowledge_points from the analysisJson of the selected questions, call the Gemini API again to summarize nodes and relationships, and render a visual connection graph using ECharts.

One-Click Local Export: Add a "保存到本地" (Save to Local) button on the Knowledge Graph & Summary page. Use html-to-image to capture the entire summary text and the ECharts canvas as a high-quality PNG, and trigger a local download to the user's device.

AI Prompt Setup (Crucial)
When calling Gemini to parse the error question, use the following System Prompt (keep the prompt itself in Chinese so the AI responds in Chinese), and require a pure JSON output:

"你是一个风趣幽默、喜欢用通俗易懂的段子解释复杂概念的金牌教师。请识别用户上传的题目图片，并按以下 JSON 格式输出解析结果：
{
'question_text': '识别出的原题题干',
'knowledge_points': ['考察知识点1', '考察知识点2'],
'humorous_explanation': '用风趣幽默、深入浅出的语言为你讲解这道题的核心陷阱和解题思路',
'options_analysis': [
{'option': 'A', 'is_correct': false, 'related_knowledge': '相关知识点', 'why_wrong': '错在哪里（如果是错误选项）/ 为什么对（如果是正确选项）'}
]
}"

Step-by-step Execution Plan
Please write the code step by step:
Step 1: Initialize the project, configure Tailwind CSS and routing, and build the mobile bottom navigation bar (首页/Home, 目录/Directories, 我的/Profile). Remember, UI must be in Chinese.
Step 2: Set up the Dexie.js database schema and the data isolation service layer.
Step 3: Implement the image upload component and the Gemini API calling logic.
Step 4: Implement multi-level directory creation and saving parsed questions into them.
Step 5: Implement question multi-selection, ECharts knowledge graph rendering, and the one-click html-to-image export feature.

Please start with Step 1 and provide the core file structure and initialization code.